This is a collaborative project by ALX that involves developing a simple shell called **hsh**. The shell is designed to imitate the Bash shell. The project was completed using Shell, C language, and the Betty linter. To complete the project, it is mandatory that all files be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using the gcc compiler and the specified compiler options. All files should end with a new line. The project folder should contain a README.md file, and the Betty style should be used, checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl. The shell should have no memory leaks, and no more than five functions should be used per file. All header files should be include guarded. **hsh** is a UNIX command language interpreter that reads commands and executes them either from a file or standard input. The shell works by printing a prompt and waiting for a command from the user. A child process is created in which the command is checked for built-ins, aliases in the PATH, and local executable programs. The child process is replaced by the command which accepts arguments. When the command is done, the program returns to the parent process and prints the prompt, ready for a new command. The program can be exited by pressing Ctrl-D or by entering "exit" (with or without a status). The shell works in non-interactive mode as well. To compile, use `gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 *.c -o hsh`. The shell can be invoked interactively or non-interactively. To invoke the shell, compile all .c files in the repository and run the resulting executable. If invoked with standard input not connected to a terminal, **hsh** reads and executes commands received in order. If invoked with standard input connected to a terminal, an interactive shell is opened. Upon invocation, **hsh** receives and copies the environment of the parent process in which it was executed. A few key environmental variables are HOME, PWD, OLDPWD, and PATH. **hsh** tokenizes received commands into words and executes them based on the first character of the command. The first character determines if it is a shell built-in, searches each element of the PATH environmental variable for a directory containing an executable file by that name or executes the named program with any remaining given arguments in a separate execution environment. **hsh** returns the exit status of the executed command.
